# Access Control
## AC-05 - Separation of Duties

The organization:  
a. Separates [at a minimum, data creation and control, software development and maintenance, and security functions];

b. Documents separation of duties of individuals; and 

c. Defines information system access authorizations to support separation of duties.

### TDP Implementation

**Part a.**  
The TDP system has explicitly defined the roles and responsibilities that accounts perform to operate and maintain the system. This includes data creation and processing, software development, and maintenance and security implementation.

Software development and maintenance is separated through the following:
* Developers use GitHub for project planning as well as the hosting site for all code repositories.  Additionally, Circle CI is used for Continuous Integration / Continuous Delivery - it automates checks for making sure all automated testing, linting and vulnerability scanning checks pass before committing code to the repository or deploying to any environment.  Finally, Docker is used to set up a code based container environment to ensure the same environment is used during development as it is when deployed to the cloud.  Docker also automates the deploys themselves.  Currently, there are two dev environments (*development* and *vendor staging*) in place. The *development* environment is used for internal vendor team review. The *vendor staging* environment is used for government review.  A staging environment (which could be called *Gov Staging*) and a *production* environment will be set up in future releases.
* System owner manages the account access. Additionally, System owner provisions a new user account on request.

Data creation, control, and security functions are completed through the TDP application by a user who has been authenticated and is active in the system. These roles include OFA admin and Data Preppers. 
* Users from the states, tribes, and territories (STT) who will be uploading data will have the role Data Preppers.  Data Preppers collect TANF data and transmit final data to OFA through the TANF application.
* OFA admins have the ability to upload data on behalf of Data Preppers and upload data files locally into the web application. 
* These users cannot provision new accounts and do not have access to the account management functionality.

**Part b.**  

**Developers**  
Developers are granted only enough permission in GitHub and Cloud.gov in order to support their duties.  Developers use GitHub for project planning as well as the hosting site for all code repositories.  Code is developed in a local environment and tested in the Dev environment.  CircleCI ensures all testing, linting and vulnerability scan checks are passed before committing code to the repository or deploy to any environment.  Docker is used to set up a code based container and ensure a consistent development environment.  Currently, there are two dev environments (*development* and *vendor staging*) in place. The *development* environment is used for internal vendor team review. The *vendor staging* environment is used for government review.  A staging environment (which could be called *Gov Staging*) and a *production* environment will be set up in future releases.  The process of dev, stage (testing) and release to production is planned for future releases.  However, all code and documentation committed to HHS has to be approved by the Product Manager and the HHS Tech Lead.  

**Users (OFA Admin and Data Preppers)**
The OFA Admin approves new users, updates profile information, inactivates, and reactivates users (Data Preppers (STTs) do not have access to this).  Additionally, OFA admins have the ability to upload data on behalf of Data Preppers and upload data files locally into the web application. 

Users from the states, tribes, and territories (STT) who will be uploading data will have the role Data Preppers.  Data Preppers collect TANF data and transmit final data to OFA through the TANF application.  Data Preppers reads data over assigned region and are able to upload and submit new TANF reports, replace and resubmit TANF reports. 

**Part c.**   
Granting access to the TDP system is performed by the OFA Admin through a request in the application.  Users request access (and create a profile as part of the request) to be able to submit/view reports in the application.

Access to the TDP system occurs in two different ways: through the Django admin interface and through the TDP application interface.  

***Access to the Django admin interface***  

Access directly to the Django interface requires the user have the *superuser* and *staff* flags set and assigned permissions based on responsibilities.  

***Access to the TDP system: Overview***  

Users authenticate with Login.gov via the system’s backend service. The user is then redirected to the frontend landing page.


#### Related Files
