# Access Control
## AC-02 - Account Management
The organization:

a. Identifies and selects the following types of information system accounts to support organizational missions/business functions: (individual, shared, group, system, guest/anonymous, emergency, developer/manufacturer/vendor, temporary, and service);

b. Assigns account managers for information system accounts;

c. Establishes conditions for group and role membership;

d. Specifies authorized users of the information system, group and role membership, and access authorizations (i.e., privileges) and other attributes (as required) for each account;

e. Requires approvals by (applicable information system managers) for requests to create information system accounts;

f. Creates, enables, modifies, disables, and removes information system accounts in accordance with (the processes defined in the OS Standard Operating Procedures for Information Security: Access Control document (see Section AC-2));

g. Monitors the use of information system accounts;

h. Notifies account managers:

   1. When accounts are no longer required;
   2. When users are terminated or transferred; and
   3. When individual information system usage or need-to-know changes;

i. Authorizes access to the information system based on:

   1. A valid access authorization;
   2. Intended system usage; and
   3. Other attributes as required by the organization or associated missions/business functions;

j. Reviews accounts for compliance with account management requirements [at least every 180 days]; and

k. Establishes a process for reissuing shared/group account credentials (if deployed) when individuals are removed from the group.

For CSP Only: AC-2 (j) [at least annually]

## TDP Implementation
a. The TDP system accounts are System Admin, OFA Admin and Data Prepper.  TDP Implementation is completed by the Developers.

b. The System Admin is responsible for managing the system accounts.  

c. Members in the roles of System Admin, OFA Admin and Data Preppers are based on their job responsibilities.  The activities of each of the roles can be found in [AC-05](https://github.com/raft-tech/TANF-app/blob/documentation/access-controls-ac_5/docs/controls/access_control/ac-05.md)

d. The roles in the TDP system follow the principles of least privilege and separation of duties as described in [AC-05](../../documentation/access-controls-ac_5/docs/controls/access_control/ac-05.md) and [AC-06](../../documentation/access-controls-ac-06/docs/controls/access_control/ac-06.md).  Users within each role inherit the responsibilities, duties, and permissions of that role.  Outside of the TDP system, groups/roles/access for Developers are enforced through the access management features of GitHub/Cloud.gov

e. All users who require access to the TDP application must create a Login.gov account.  In order to be able to submit/view reports within the TDP application, users must submit a request.  The OFA Admin reviews and approves the request.  Once the request is approved, the user will be able to perform their assigned duties.

f. The OFA Admin is the only role that has the ability to approve new users, update profile information, inactivate and reactivate users.

g. The OFA Admin reviews the list of TDP application users on a monthly basis and/or when the status of a user is changed to inactive or terminated.  

h. The OFA Admin receives an email notification when there is a change to the users list in the TDP application.  A change includes when accounts are no longer required, when a user is terminated or transferred, and if a user’s information system usage changes.

i. All users must submit a request through the TDP application to be able to perform their duties.  Users identify their intended system usage in the request.  The OFA Admin reviews and approves/disapproves all requests. 

j. The OFA Admin reviews the TDP application users list annually.

k. Not Applicable - there are no shared/group account credentials in the TDP application.

### Related Files
