# High-level database documentation

### How

This project uses Postgres as its database management system. Postgres is a free, open-source, relational database management system (RDBMS).

Our Postgres infrastructure is managed via the Cloud.gov Platform as a Service, which in turn uses Amazon Web Services infrastructure. For more documentation on Cloud.gov relational databases, see: https://cloud.gov/docs/services/relational-database/.

See the `deploy-cloudgov-docker.sh` script for details on Cloud.gov Postgres provisioning and deployment.

### What

For a physical data model including data elements, relationships, columns and column types, see the project's [Entity Relationship Diagram](./tdp-erd.png). This Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD) represents the currrent architecture of the database for the TANF application currently in development. Most of the current tables are generated automatically by the Django framework and the Django Rest Framework. These tables are labeled in the ERD with a prefix of either django or rest_framework. The tables under the label tdpservice.users have been created through the team’s development and is used to store system user data. The table AbstractUser is also automatically generated by Django to extend the default Dango User class. This will be updated as development continues.

# High-level object storage documentation

### How

This project intends to use the Cloud.gov platform's Amazon Web Service S3 object storage to store flat files.

For more information on Cloud.gov's S3 object storage, see: https://cloud.gov/docs/services/s3/.

### What

For information about the data files intended for upload, see [Background/Current-TDRS.md](../../Background/Current-TDRS.md).

* **Format**: .txt
* **Update frequency**: Quarterly (with revisions)
* **Record structure**: See [Data Layouts](../../Background/Current-TDRS.md#data-layouts).
* **File sizes**: File size ranges for 199/209 data files are as follows:
  * Section 1: 123kb - 50,000kb
  * Section 2: 14kb - 2,000kb
  * Section 3: 1kb - 2kb
  * Section 4: 1kb - 2kb
