### Grafana Auth and RBAC Config
Grafana is accessible by any frontend app on a private route to users who have the correct role. The Grafana UI is not be accessible to any user or application unless they are routed to it via a frontend app. Grafana is configured to require user and password authentication. Having the extra layer of authentication is required because the roles defined in Grafana are not in alignment with the roles TDP defines. Assigning users to appropriate role and teams in Grafana allows for least privilege access to any information that Grafana might be able to display.

Grafana has three roles: `Admin`, `Editor`, and `Viewer`. We have also defined two teams (groups) in Grafana: `OFA` and `Raft` and several users. The teams are how we manage least privilege to Grafana's resources. Upon creation, all users are given one of the base roles. All Raft dev user accounts are given read only access (`Viewer`) to Grafana and OFA has a user account(s) associated with each of the roles. All users who are outside of OFA should always be assigned the `Viewer` role to maintain least privilege. All dashboards in Grafana are viewable by team as opposed to individual users/roles. Dashboard permissions are configured per dashboard and each team is given read only access to the appropriate dashboards. The `ofa-admin` user is the only direct user given access to resources. This account is given exclusive admin rights to all of Grafana.

All Grafana administration is handled under the `Administration` drop down in the hamburger menu which is only accessible to `Admin` users. Users can be created, assigned a role, and then associated with a team. As new dashboards are added to Grafana their permissions need to be configured for least privilege by going to Dashboards-><New Dashboard>->Settings->Permissions. The admin can use other dashboard permission configurations to help finish the configuration.
