# Sprint 45 Summary
4/13/22-4/26/22

Velocity: 8
## Sprint Goals
* Allow external TDP users to have a smooth onboarding login experience that is secure and begin the process to configure the production environment for continuous deployment in preparation for TDP's v1.0 release. Additionally, identify pilot TDP users and start the file transfer feature for the pilot program.
 

## Tickets
### Closed/Merged/Completed (Done/Demo, Closed)
* [#1560 - As a Data Analyst user, I need to have a frontend button to direct me to XMS login portal](https://github.com/raft-tech/TANF-app/issues/1560)
* [#1593 - Tree Test(Sitemap Survey) Project Update](https://github.com/raft-tech/TANF-app/issues/1593)
* [#1726 - As tech lead, I need our release strategy documented](https://github.com/raft-tech/TANF-app/issues/1726)
### Ready to Merge
* N/A

### Submitted (QASP Review, OCIO Review)
* [#1637 - [Design] fTANF Partial to Complete resubmission guide](https://github.com/raft-tech/TANF-app/issues/1637)

## Moved to Next Sprint (Raft Review, In Progress, Current Sprint Backlog)

### Blocked
* [#726 - As a user/admin, I need to know the TDP domain name](https://github.com/raft-tech/TANF-app/issues/726)
### Raft Review
* [#1415 - Django Admin - Visual consistency fixes](https://github.com/raft-tech/TANF-app/issues/1415)
* [#1561 - As a developer, I need to be able to form outgoing NextGenXMS requests](https://github.com/raft-tech/TANF-app/issues/1561)
* [#1619 - As a developer, I want to utilize hhs_id for the unique identifier for ACF AMS](https://github.com/raft-tech/TANF-app/issues/1619)
### In Progress
* [#895 - Configure HHS/TANF-app:Master CircleCI jobs to deploy to the production space](https://github.com/raft-tech/TANF-app/issues/895)
* [#1154 - As technical lead, we need to accept NextGen OpenId responses](https://github.com/raft-tech/TANF-app/issues/1154)
* [#1239 - Define List of STTs and plan for V2 pilot](https://github.com/raft-tech/TANF-app/issues/1239)
* [#1631 - As a developer, I want the databases backed up periodically](https://github.com/raft-tech/TANF-app/issues/1631)
* [#1707 - As a developer, I want to improve our backend logging formatter](https://github.com/raft-tech/TANF-app/issues/1707)
* [#1736 - As a developer, I need to know the file naming convention for ACF Titan](https://github.com/raft-tech/TANF-app/issues/1736)
### Current Sprint Backlog
* N/A
## Agenda for Sprint 45 Demo (Internal Only)
* [#1593 - Tree Test(Sitemap Survey) Project Update](https://github.com/raft-tech/TANF-app/issues/1593)
* [#1726 - As tech lead, I need our release strategy documented](https://github.com/raft-tech/TANF-app/issues/1726)
