# Meeting Norms 

- For all recurring team meetings and standups use OFA WebEx in the invite. Zoom or Google Meet is okay for ad hoc conversations. 
- If you have background noise, mute your mic. 
- Try not to talk over others.  
- If you are creating a new meeting invite, please be explicit include an goal/outcome in the meeting invite. What do we hope to accomplish in that time? 
- OFA and Raft both use Outlook and 18F uses Google Calendar. Generally, cross-platform calendar invites work okay. However, if you modify an existing meeting--especially a recurring meeting--double check that the invitees got the update. 


# Recurring Meetings 

## Standup 
- Goal: To inspect progress towards sprint goal and identify blockers
- Attendees: Core team 
- Facilitator: None 
- When: Daily 10:30-10:45am EST and asynchronously on Wednesdays
- Format: Each team member gives quick update to answer these questions 
  - *What did you do yesterday that advances the sprint goal?* 
  - *What are you doing today that advances the sprint goal?*
  - *Are you encountering any blockers?* 
  - If you can’t make Standup in real-time, please post a short async update to [General channel of MS Teams](https://teams.microsoft.com/_#/conversations/General?threadId=19:f769bbcb029f4f02b55ae7fad90e310d@thread.skype&ctx=channel)  

## Backlog Refinement 
- Goal: To identify goals for next sprint and create issues to be discussed in Sprint Planning 
- Attendees: Lauren, Alex S., Shubhi, Carl, Brian, Jennifer, Kati. On alternate weeks, Penyin, Tijan, and Patrick.
- Facilitators: Lauren + Kati/Shubhi
- When: Every Wednesday 9:30-10:30am EST 
- Format: The product owner will collaborate with the leads to review the backlog, prioritize issues for the next sprint, and to make sure items are ready for discussion in the upcoming Sprint Planning session. By the end of the session, a set of issues should be selected, acceptance criteria outlined, questions for the team noted within the issue. This set of issues should be sent to the sprint board before Sprint Planning. On alternating weeks, this meeting will focus on security and compliance issues.  
 
## Sprint Planning 
- Goal: To define the work we’re committing to complete in the next two weeks 
- Attendees: Core team 
- Facilitators: Lauren + Kati/Shubhi
- When: Every other Wednesday 3:30-5:00pm EST 
- Format: Product owner should come with priority cards prepared and ready to discuss with the rest of the team. Work in progress should be assessed and the team should decide if work should continue into the new sprint. Team will flesh out issues, acceptence criteria, define done, and right-size the amount of work for the sprint.  

## Sprint Demo Prep  
- Goal: To plan what will be demoed in Sprint Demo 
- Attendees: Lauren, Alex, Shubhi, Carl, Kati, Jennifer 
- Facilitator: Lauren 
- When:  Every other Tuesday 10:00-10:30am EST 
- Format: The team will start by reviewing/updating the Sprint Board. By the end of the meeting, the team should decide what is ready to be demoed (and label it as “demo”), who will conduct the demo/s, and if special guests should be invited to attend.  

## Sprint Demo 
- Goal: To inspect the work completed in the sprint and demo new work to team members or other stakeholders. The Sprint Demo is a more formal version of Sprint Review. The issues that are demoed have received product owner’s approval in the Sprint Demo Prep meeting.  
- Attendees: Core team, Dvora, Thomas, Yun, Alex, Kathleen, OCIO IPT members, and other stakeholders by invitation.  
- Facilitator: Lauren 
- When: Every 4 weeks / 4th Tuesday of each month 2:00 – 3:00pm EST 
- Format: This meeting is a formal version of Sprint Review with an emphasis on demonstrating work to stakeholders outside the product team. The product owner or her designee will demo new work and features to the attendees. How attendees give feedback on the demo needs to be determined. 

## Sprint Review 
- Goal: To share and demo the issues that are in QASP review pipeline with a smaller group of stakeholders. The sprint review is less formal than sprint demo which has stakeholders including members from the OCIO/IPT team. The issues that are demoed have received product owner’s approval in the sprint demo prep meeting.  
- Attendees: Core team, Dvora, Thomas, Yun, Alex, Kathleen 
- Facilitator: Lauren 
- When: Every 4 weeks / 2nd Tuesday of each month 2:00-3:00pm EST 
- Format: This meeting is an informal version of the Sprint Demo meeting with an emphasis on demonstrating work to stakeholders outside the product team. The product owner or her designee will demo new work and features to the attendees. Attendees feedback on the demo is noted as a new issue. 
 
## Sprint Retro 
- Goal: To inspect the team itself and create plans for improvements to be made going forward 
- Attendees: Core team  
- Facilitator: Team members may take turns to facilitate the retro 
- When: Every other Tuesday 3:30-5:00pm EST 
- Format: The team will work in a Mural board to discuss
  - *What went well?* 
  - *What didn’t go well?* 
  - *What 2-4 commitments can we make in next sprint to improve?* 
  - Whoever facilitates the retro is responsible for documenting commitments in GH issues or Team Charter as appropriate.
 
## OFA + 18F Sync
- Goal: To check in on the tasks and progress of non-development tasks, especially those related to ATOing and ACF stakeholder management. 
- Attendees: Lauren, Ryan, Alex  
- Facilitator: Shared
- When: Thursdays 10:00am-11:00am EST (with break for standup) 
- Format: Team tends to project management chores  
